over Richmond International Raceway we
anticipated some strangeness if we've
had a bit of it here this evening but I
think the wildest stuff is still to come
penny how's this work down when we get
down to the tail end of this deal you
take a look at the running order what's
the rule as far as green flight finish
all these cars that you see here the top
15 cars are going to be nose to tail
remember on all the restarts previous to
this we've seen cars line up the inside
the lapped cars on the inside with less
than ten laps to go the lead lap cars
line up nose to tail the lap cars will
not be there and we have four laps to go
they beat three when they come by and
we'll race it out to see it witnessing
the top 15 are on the lead lap and four
today is the last truck in that group he
having spun a single truck mishap that
brought out was at the eighth caution of
the night and cost Hornaday dearly in
terms of the championship it leads
Labonte bo9 Skinner
Ruttman Schrader your top five among
them
turn wonders put on again
look out Jeffers a wall over there
he gets right up gets a good touch lets
him know he's
door punched the doorpost
that's Kenneth
was an absolute
comes off the race winner is
man
- really
the balloting bit free circle he's going
to drive across
down the middle road there we see the
1607 discussing the almost in the Nikki
David it was so interested in chatting
with bowed on
right there Skinner leads runneth by 51
points as a result of tonight's
festivities terry labonte becomes the
six different winner of the 1995 truck
racing season this in the 15th event of
the year and I'll tell you what it was a
wild one as expected now they can't get
the wind event down
while we're down here in victory lane
with terry labonte the crowd at the
standing ovation water last lap you know
Ron rain it's real hard there there were
some wall on the racetrack and he got
real slick there and then we had the
restart similar I can take my truck a
couple laps get going good and then Jeff
gave me a hang-up around there
we run side by side we're just beating
back of the line because close you
realize now you have a chance for a
triple well you know we do and our Busch
don't really handles good today we
didn't qualify as good as we hope to and
you know I'm sure on Killick simulator
run good good Saturday and got a bank
DuPont and all the sponsors here our
super truck appreciate everything
they've done for us and think like to
thank Rick Hendrick for let me drive it
it's the third time out and I thought I
should have won the first one but we
finally got one he's gonna go for number
two on the Busch race tomorrow night
Terry Labonte your winner is the only
man who erased all three races this
weekend he's run three truck races
finished third second and first you take
a look at the unofficial order of finish
as Labonte cops home a winner Skinner
helps his championship hopes a bunch and
Benny offers our final thought of the
evening here what's that buddy never see
Jeff Conine talking to the bush
officials or the super truck officials
NASCAR officials
and we see Hornaday came over and talked
to him a little bit he did not like the
bump down in the corner they have talked
it out
whatever they had to say it is all over
with Reese Damon's is next sports smash
we thank Marty Reed for all his hard
work in the pits I just have a ball
being a boy in the bush with Betty
Parsons I'm David Spade that's it
Richmond congratulations the body
you